Backstop is working locally (#1950)
GSA/notifications-admin: docs/backstop.md

# BackstopJS Getting Started Guide

## Overview

BackstopJS is currently optional in this project and is used for visual regression testing to ensure consistency in the UI. To get started with BackstopJS, follow the steps below. The official guide can be found at the [BackstopJS GitHub Repository](https://github.com/garris/BackstopJS).

## Goal

Eventually BackstopJS will be implemented in the pipeline process to help catch errors before they make their way to higher environments.

## Prerequisites

Before running BackstopJS, ensure the following:

- Both the API and Admin projects must be running.
- In the .env file of the API project, make sure the following environment variables are uncommented and set to matching values:
  - `NOTIFY_E2E_TEST_EMAIL`

>   - `NOTIFY_E2E_TEST_PASSWORD`

Reviewer: These need to be set for _both_ the API and the Admin!  Otherwise the tests won't work.

In other words, the Admin site needs to be running in E2E test mode, which is enabled by having both of these values set (and matching what's been defined for the API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the .env file of both the API and Admin projects, make sure the following environment variables are uncommented and set to matching values:
  - `NOTIFY_E2E_TEST_EMAIL`
  - `NOTIFY_E2E_TEST_PASSWORD`
```

Example:

```bash
NOTIFY_E2E_TEST_EMAIL=your-email@example.com
NOTIFY_E2E_TEST_PASSWORD=your-password
```

### How to Run BackstopJS

#### Step 1: Install Gulp Globally

First, install Gulp globally if its not installed:

```

> npm install -g gulp

Reviewer: Is this necessary to install globally, or would having `gulp` available in the project itself be enough?

Author: We just need to be able to run the command so having it in the project is enough if the command still works, ill test it.

```

#### Step 2: Run the Gulp Test Task

To run the visual regression tests, use the following command:

```
gulp backstopTest
```

If there are new expected changes in the UI, one will need to update the reference images before testing. To do this, run the following command:

```
gulp backstopReference
```

**_Note: After running the `gulp backstopReference` command, immediately running the test (`gulp backstopTest`) should pass all tests, assuming the changes are expected._**

### Adding New Tests

The entry point for BackstopJS configuration can be found in the `backstop.config.js` file.

> To add a new feature or page to be tested, modify the `scenarios` array. Refer to the [official documentation](https://github.com/garris/BackstopJS) for details on the structure of the object.

Reviewer: Ah yes, this answers my question from before - thanks for calling it out here! 🙂
